 Our office is fully computerized now .
 the pilot managed to land the airplane safely .
 He kited many checks .
 They tried to recapture the escaped prisoner .
 You have shipwrecked my career .
 I 'm afraid this spells trouble !
 They began to volley the tennis ball .
 He was showered with praise .
 The child drowned in the lake .
 My skin crawled -- I was terrified .
 The crowd pushed forward .
 just steam the vegetables .
 She splashed the water around her .
 smother the meat in gravy .
 John compared his haircut to his friend 's .
 Interest in ESP revived .
 blue paint dashed with white .
 This writer really fractures the language .
 The new chairman inherited many problems from the previous chair .
 We had to sharpen our arguments .
 This story will grab you .
 The horse was galloping along .
 I wrestled with this decision for years .
 The prisoners are safely pounded .
 The new measures deflated the economy .
 I can not digest milk products .
 A weather vane crowns the building .
 This car does not compare with our line of Mercedes .
 They fastened various nicknames to each other .
 this may land you in jail .
 The bullets whistled past him .
 The stunt pilot looped his plane .
 The container leaked gasoline .
 She was singing while she was cooking .
 She shed a lot of tears when this happened .
 The music swelled to a crescendo .
 The ship steamed off into the Pacific .
 The new moon peeped through the tree tops .
 The cord is all twisted .
 She could not recapture that feeling of happiness .
 The cold pierced her bones .
 The professor plunged his students into the study of the Italian text .
 Her interest in butterflies absorbs her completely .
 Meteors showered down over half of Australia .
 Some nice results emerged from the study .
 They were locked in embrace .
 This exercise will hurt your back .
 The drunken man staggered into the room .
 His lack of interest in the project reflects badly on him .
 the workers spell every four hours .
 He brushed the wall lightly .
 The problem roots in her depression .
 The tanker fueled in Bahrain .
 The therapist noticed that the patient 's knees tended to lock in this exercise .
 The child colored the drawings .
 The salesman is aggressively pushing the new computer model .
 The invaders spread their language all over the country .
 spray the wall with paint .
 negociate securities .
 He wrestled all his life with his feeling of inferiority .
 It can transform energy to light .
 I can breathe better when the air is clean .
 They sifted through the job candidates .
 He floated the logs down the river .
 He dashed the plate against the wall .
 They mounted the aerator on a floating .
 The brothers sell shoes .
 The husband drinks and beats his wife .
 Tears streamed down her face .
 he devoured three sandwiches .
 She molded the rice balls carefully .
 The water swells the wood .
 reform a political system .
 Her optimism whistled away these worries .
 Can you taste the garlic ?
 This poses an interesting question .
 The Japanese marched their prisoners through Manchuria .
 The speech crowned the meeting .
 The mountain was splashed with snow .
 Many people immigrated at the beginning of the 20th century .
 The unknown young man drifted among the invited guests .
 These events could fracture the balance of power .
 She wanted to buy his love with her dedication to him and his work .
 The military forces managed to recapture the fort .
 The building was levelled .
 Every star seemed to flare with new intensity .
 The market is being clogged by these operations .
 the infection spread .
 We exploded the nuclear bomb .
 The enemy exploded the bridge .
 The candidate ripped into his opponent mercilessly .
 The cancer had invaded her lungs .
 The vessel was shipwrecked .
 The guy hanging around the school is pushing drugs .
 His laughter infects everyone who is in the same room .
 commit a random act of kindness .
 the surgeon scanned the X - ray .
 She locked her jewels in the safe .
 My son drifted around for years in California before going to law school .
 I inherited my good eyesight from my mother .
 The truck dumped the garbage in the street .
 The drug smugglers landed the heroin on the beach of the island .
 The addict was snorting cocaine almost every day .
 Please use a computerized disctionary .
 She had scraped together enough money for college .
 These big jets are tied to large airports .
 She swallowed the last words of her speech .
 level criticism or charges at somebody .
 The crocodile was crawling along the riverbed .
 grind lenses for glasses and cameras .
 The war inflated the economy .
 We must acknowledge the kindness she showed towards us .
 Lock the bike to the fence !
 The baby talks already .
 The tugboat tugged the freighter into the harbor .
 The ostentatious way of living of the rich ignites the hatred of the poor .
 The sun glared down on us .
 He revived this style of opera .
 European children learn the breast stroke ; they often do n't know how to crawl .
 The critics puffed up this Broadway production .
 The wrestler twisted his shoulder .
 Protein digests in a few hours .
 She sowed sunflower seeds .
 the conversation lightened me up a bit .
 spray water on someone .
 Your children have infected you with this head cold .
 drift the boats downstream .
 The author recaptures an old idea here .
 Do n't abuse the system .
 The war uprooted many people .
 sorrow had lined his face .
 She devoured his novels .
 I attacked the problem as soon as I got out of bed .
 relax the tension on the rope .
 The coals were glowing in the dark .
 This experience transformed her completely .
 The ship landed in Pearl Harbor .
 Have you stuffed the turkey yet ?
 Water flowed into the cave .
 trench the fallen soldiers .
 the pig was rooting for truffles .
 male birds tread the females .
 deflate the currency .
 heap the platter with potatoes .
 dashed ambitions and hopes .
 Did you ever climb up the hill behind your house ?
 The river thundered below .
 fill the child with pride .
 engraved the trophy cupt with the winner 's .
 Boost the voltage in an electrical circuit .
 We sailed the Atlantic .
 My nose is all stuffed .
 map the surface of Venus .
 We interrupt the program for the following messages .
 Great heat can ignite almost any dry matter .
 Marsh gases ignited suddenly .
 You have ruined my car by pouring sugar in the tank !
 Goering often hunted wild boars in Poland .
 heap firewood around the fireplace .
 She had to recast her image to please the electorate in her home state .
 The immigrants were quickly absorbed into society .
 The tornado ripped along the coast .
 the government digested the entire law into a code .
 The girl glared at the man who tried to make a pass at her .
 The needle pierced her flesh .
 The moon glared back at itself from the lake 's surface .
 He leaned his rifle against the wall .
 The White House sits on Pennsylvania Avenue .
 They clawed their way to the top of the mountain .
 He never acknowledges his colleagues when they run into him in the hallway .
 The wildfire scorched the forest and several homes .
 he buzzed the servant .
 Who erased the files form my hard disk ?
 The Turks besieged Vienna .
 The wax melted in the sun .
 engrave the pen with the owner 's name .
 The company dumped him after many years of service .
 The sun radiates heat .
 mount a theater production .
 We rotate the lead soprano every night .
 spread cheese on a piece of bread .
 only few plants can immigrate to the island .
 A big oil spot spread across the water .
 stock prices are drifting higher .
 I salute your courage !
 He absorbed the knowledge or beliefs of his tribe .
 The cat scraped at the armchair .
 Our new synthetic fabric breathes and is perfect for summer wear .
 The garbage flushed down the river .
 The locks pound the water of the canal .
 a terrible stench saluted our nostrils .
 She interrupted her pregnancy .
 The prince was crowned in Westminster Abbey .
 The plastic bottle crushed against the wall .
 We injected the glucose into the patient 's vein .
 The principal visited his rage on the students .
 He bowed before the King .
 He painted his mistress many times .
 This dress spots quickly .
 one idea squares with the other one .
 The heat scorched the countryside .
 Our dog sheds every Spring .
 after a glass of wine , he lightened up a bit .
 crush an aluminum can .
 Her optimism neutralizes his gloom .
 She is pushing fifty .
 She radiates happiness .
 Johnson brushed the hairs from his jacket .
 He fastened the lock onto the door .
 lined books are more enduring .
 The leaves clog our drains in the Fall .
 We poured money into the education of our children .
 The bellies of the starving children are swelling .
 The listeners bolted when he discussed his strange ideas .
 Life in the camp drained him .
 Fear seized the prisoners .
 Interns have to rotate for a few months .
 lay the foundation for a new health care plan .
 The new teacher tends to steamroller .
 the player juggled the ball .
 Drive carefully -- the wet road reflects .
 She clawed the doorknob .
 Please erase the formula on the blackboard -- it is wrong !
 the sky flushed with rosy splendor .
 She inclined her head to the student .
 The needle pricked his skin .
 She pumped the witnesses for information .
 The motorcycle smashed into the guard rail .
 The curtain ripped from top to bottom .
 They plan to uproot the vine that has spread all over the garden .
 paste the sign on the wall .
 The teacher nodded when the student gave the right answer .
 The police raided the crack house .
 their manes streamed like stiff black pennants in the wind .
 Water leaked out of the can into the backpack .
 The hydrogen binds the oxygen .
 We have n't even begun to map the many galaxies that we know exist .
 The sales clerk quickly seized the money on the counter .
 There are marshes that stagnate the waters .
 snow drifting several feet high .
 Islam is fermenting Africa .
 The crisis precipitated by Russia 's revolution .
 All our planets condensed out of the same material .
 the theater was jampacked .
 He squared his shoulders .
 The cooling lava continued to gutter toward lower ground .
 Her husband often abuses alcohol .
 harmonize one 's goals with one 's abilities .
 He locked his hands around her neck .
 bees were buzzing around the hive .
 She salts her lectures with jokes .
 the kettle was singing .
 the water formed little beads .
 She leaned over the banister .
 Our business was hurt by the new competition .
 The architect decided to stagger the chairs in the lecture hall .
 The fog blurs my vision .
 The ex - boxer 's job is to bounce people who want to enter this private club .
 The Crown Prince was acknowledged as the true heir to the throne .
 her sunglasses reflected his image .
 The smoke clouded above the houses .
 Age and experience mellowed him over the years .
 The cancer cells are attacking his liver .
 The parties negociated all night .
 acknowledge the deed .
 inject hydrogen into the balloon .
 Hundreds of actors were melting into the scene .
 He always wears a smile .
 This play is going to ruffle some people .
 She spelled her husband at the wheel .
 There will be men guarding the horses .
 The Senator blistered the administration in his speech on Friday .
 The politician clawed his rival .
 The stock market drifted upward .
 He communicated his anxieties to the psychiatrist .
 the butter cream smothered the cake .
 Meteors blazed across the atmosphere .
 Goya wanted to portray his mistress , the Duchess of Alba .
 The bicycle looped around the tree .
 Our babysitter raided our refrigerator .
 The doctors revived the comatose man .
 The passenger grabbed for the oxygen mask .
 my brain is swimming after the bottle of champagne .
 The exercise class drains me of energy .
 We can compare the Han dynasty to the Romans .
 The press was gagged .
 She was staggered with bills after she tried to rebuild her house following the earthquake .
 Curl my hair , please .
 Some people can down a pound of meat in the course of one meal .
 She drowned her trouble in alcohol .
 The tax cut will boost the economy .
 The French try to sell us their image as great lovers .
 nagging concerns and doubts .
 The horse finally tugged the cart out of the mud .
 The gun kicked back into my shoulder .
 The stars gravitate towards each other .
 paste the sign on the wall .
 stamp fruit extract the juice .
 Fame redounds to the heroes .
 He shed his image as a pushy boss .
 The Nazis swallowed the Baltic countries .
 The book portrays the actor as a selfish person .
 Their faces were clouded with sadness .
 I swallowed my anger and kept quiet .
 These apples need to mellow a bit more .
 We tasted wines last night .
 The bird ruffled its feathers .
 She stuffed herself at the dinner .
 The Turks erased the Armenians in 1915 .
 Boys gravitate towards girls at that age .
 Gun shots volleyed at the attackers .
 The two pieces match .
 The treaty neutralized the small republic .
 The fishermen tied their flies .
 The room lightened up .
 The lights were flashing .
 They bind their books in leather .
 She vested her vast fortune in her two sons .
 The company matched the employees ' contributions .
 He absorbed the costs for the accident .
 This mushrooms can poison .
 They taxed him failure to appear in court .
 The father is portrayed as a good - looking man in this painting .
 The charges were inflated .
 They poured water over the floor .
 The mother was swelling with importance when she spoke of her son .
 The beams scanned the night sky .
 The cold air condensed the steam .
 The prisoner tugged at the chains .
 load the truck with hay .
 The pool slowly filled with water .
 build a defense on nothing but the accused person 's reputation .
 Chanel designed the famous suit .
 She wanted to ruffle his composure .
 He pushed the table into a corner .
 Her husband poisoned her drink in order to kill her .
 The seamstress ruffled the curtain fabric .
 she snorted her disapproval of the proposed bridegroom .
 She designed a good excuse for not attending classes that day .
 The pirates raided the coastal villages regularly .
 This dress fastens in the back .
 The haze blurs the hills .
 The bridge broke and precipitated the train into the river below .
 The mess in his dorm room reflects on the student .
 She tugged for years to make a decent living .
 The liberal party pushed for reforms .
 The bad news shook her hopes .
 We rotate the crops so as to maximize the use of the soil .
 These architects build in interesting and new styles .
 She was streaming with sweat .
 The sudden fame puffed her ego .
 our new colleague relaxed when he saw that we were a friendly group .
 He transformed into a monster .
 the bodybuilder 's neck muscles tensed .
 The steering of my new car answers to the slightest touch .
 Sales were climbing after prices were lowered .
 She talks a lot of nonsense .
 One can never fully repair the suffering and losses of the Jews in the Third Reich .
 Industry will stagnate if we do not stimulate our economy .
 grind the spices in a mortar .
 The swollen river flooded the village .
 He swallowed his words .
 The businessman kited millions of dollars .
 The dress molds her beautiful figure .
 A rash erupted on her arms after she had touched the exotic plant .
 Actions talk louder than words .
 He heaped him with work .
 he flashed a $ 100 bill .
 The editors of the left - leaning paper attacked the new House Speaker .
 The hikers topped the mountain just before noon .
 Vesuvius erupts once in a while .
 She nags her husband all day long .
 inflate the currency .
 The bell cracked and had to be recast .
 I will lend you my car .
 The ex - slave tasted freedom shortly before she died .
 form the young child 's character .
 The scream pierced the night .
 This story would lend itself well to serialization on television .
 preserve the forest and the lakes .
 tread grapes to make wine .
 The bus thundered down the road .
 He and his sons have n't communicated for years .
 Inheritance may not ascend linearly .
 spot the areas that one should clearly identify .
 Fire had devoured our home .
 My personal feelings color my judgment in this case .
 This drug will sharpen your vision .
 This office is buzzing with activity .
 This job does n't match my dreams .
 This sum will buy you a ride on the train .
 The hunters traced the deer into the woods .
 The colors do n't harmonize .
 Make the people 's hearts glow .
 preserve the peace in the family .
 Shake the salt out of the salt shaker .
 The hiker negociated the high mountain pass .
 These books sell like hot cakes .
 He nodded his approval .
 wallow in your success !
 He landed several blows on his opponent 's head .
 He loaded his gun carefully .
 She was wearing yellow that day .
 sow suspicion or beliefs .
 this plant roots quickly .
 The government floated the ruble for a few months .
 The distinction between the two theories blurred .
 He downed three martinis before dinner .
 The State taxes alcohol heavily .
 earthquakes convulsed the countryside .
 He breathed new life into the old house .
 They tied their victim to the chair .
 Let them match their best athletes against ours .
 The residents of this village adhered to Catholicism .
 The Republicans are floating the idea of a tax reform .
 This vaccine will guard you against infection .
 her resistance melted under his charm .
 The government is building new schools in this state .
 The pilot kited for a long time over the mountains .
 The athlete pumps weights in the gym .
 He showered her with presents .
 He pasted his opponent .
 The defendant answered to all the charges of the prosecution .
 condense the contents of a book into a summary .
 They hunted the unwanted immigrants out of the neighborhood .
 Unrest erupted in the country .
 key one 's actions to the voters ' prevailing attitude .
 lay the books on the table .
 The sun radiates heat .
 He tacked together some verses .
 The old cheese was crawling with maggots .
 The Senator steamrollered the bill to defeat .
 The comedian convulsed the crowd .
 The rooms communicated .
 tack the notice on the board .
 Companies will now stampede to release their latest software .
 Her feet blistered during the long hike .
 The mother drinks in every word of her son on the stage .
 The muscles in her face convulsed .
 We preserve these archeological findings .
 deflate the air mattress .
 The fate of Bosnia lies in the hands of the West .
 We ascended the mountain .
 the bullet pinged when they struck the car .
 Her face glowed when she came out of the sauna .
 She smashed her car against the guard rail .
 When does the court of law sit ?
 juggle an account so as to hide a deficit .
 Suspense was building right from the beginning of the opera .
 The press photographers besieged the movie star .
 His heart palpitated .
 She whistled for her maid .
 The spaceship blazed out into space .
 answer the telephone .
 The bad review of his work deflated his self - confidence .
 The thought of her unhappiness pricked his conscience .
 Suddenly , the proprietor emerged from his office .
 Every summer , we visited our relatives in the country for a month .
 the invaders seized the land and property of the inhabitants .
 The debate sharpened .
 The property vests in the trustees .
 sorrow was mapped on the mother 's face .
 Greed and ambition composed his personality .
 The Chinese would bind the feet of their women .
 She whistled a melody .
 Did you ever visit Paris ? .
 horses were clogged until they were tamed .
 This rare Bordeaux must be allowed to breathe for at least 2 hours .
 The policeman downed the heavily armed suspect .
 The path climbed all the way to the top of the hill .
 mount a campaign against pornography .
 Please guard my possessions while I 'm away .
 lay a responsibility on someone .
 " Now push hard " , said the doctor to the woman .
 Are the letters properly stamped ?
 The Serbs attacked the village at night .
 Am I supposed to swallow that story ?
 The furniture molded in the old house .
 He trenched his military camp .
 We drained the oil tank .
 She grabbed the child 's hand and ran out of the room .
 I ca n't buy this story .
 People were pouring out of the theater .
 She had to juggle her job and her children .
 The wine spotted the tablecloth .
